The project “IntelligentUncoverBooks” is mainly focused on fulfilling the craving of readers all over the world. It’s an E-commerce website only for books; here readers can find variety of books based on different genres, authors and publications on a reasonable price. The website is fully responsive and has a user friendly interface. The website is built using latest python web development framework called Django. Other than performing the basic operation of an E-commerce website like viewing product, buying stuff, posting comments etc, Intelligent UncoverBooks is also able to recommend you books based on the kind of book you are looking. This has been made possible by the use of Content based recommendation system which adds a new dimension to this project. For keeping update of how the website is performing it is connected to Google analytics too where we can keep eye on traffic, users of different segments(like age, gender, country, device) etc.
In this website we have two modules. The first module includes the customer module and second module include admin module.
The customer can view the books(search by various segments, sort by genre), login, signup, place an order, track order, contact to company and can avail many more other services including recommendation using the customer module.
The admin module contains the access of admin page on the website. The admin can change database (add, delete, update the book information), view various models in django framework and have various other facilities. 

Futur progress will be to add a functionality where users can rent book or chapters of books in protective view environment for defined period of time.
